Disciples
3-5
You have a begging bowl, a blanket, a bow, a dozen arrows in a quiver, and a book or scroll detailing your philosophy.

6-8
You have 3 rolls of bandages, 50 feet of rope, a grappling hook, a backpack, a helmet, an inexpensive symbol of your philosophy, a shield, a week of rations, and either an axe, a spear, or a sword.

9-10
You have 1d8 cyphers in loose coins, a box of matches, a dozen candles, a few pieces of incense, a mace or quarterstaff, and either a long chainmail shirt (heavy armour) or the close combat weapon of your choice.

11-12
You have 6 bandages, 50 feet of rope, a bottle of wine, a symbol of your philosophy, and one weapon of your choice, plus either a dozen arrows in a quiver or a dozen bullets and shot, if you need them.

13-15
You have a backpack, a fancy leather uniform (light armour), a lantern, 3 flasks of oil, a tinderbox, and the close combat weapon of your choice.

16-18
You have 3 books on the topics of your choice, 6 torches, a tinderbox, a bag, a silver dagger, a symbol of your status, and 2d6 cyphers in loose coins.

Fey Knights
3
Seelie royal: You have a bag of some sort, a bastard sword forged from a fallen star, a waterproof cloak, a suit of plate mail, a symbol of your royal lineage, and a terrible monster, always in pursuit, thirsty for your blood.

4-5
Seelie overlord: You have 1d20 cyphers worth of golden coins, 2 bottles of delicious wine, a letter of introduction, a quiver holding two dozen arrows, a short bow, a signet ring, and some kind of debt to the human world that you feel obligated to repay.

6-8
Seelie noble: You have an axe, a dagger, heavy armour made of bronze, a hunting horn, a shield, a spear, the steed of your choice (but not a monster), and an impossible quest set upon you by the regent of your fey house.

9-10
Seelie vassal: You have 1d6 doses of antitoxin, a bronze dagger, half a dozen torches, a small bell or mirror, a tinderbox, a waterskin, a handful of freshly-picked flowers, and either a crude map or a pair of dice.

11-12
Unseelie vassal: You have an axe or club, light armour made of hides or leather, and two of the following (your choice):
50 feet of rope and a grappling hook;
an animal trap;a bundle of wolfsbane;
a full wineskin;
a handful of caltrops;
an illustrated book on how to cook humans;
a pick or shovel.

13-15
Unseelie noble: You have a club or flail, heavy armour made of bone or bronze, a tiny vial of earthy perfume, and a whip.

16-17
Unseelie overlord: You have extravagantly fine clothing, a pocket watch that only works for faeries, and either a sinister-looking pet animal or an item made from the parts of a corpse.

18
Unseelie royal: You have 1d6 doses of a poison of your choice, fine clothes, a week’s worth of dried mushrooms, one weapon of your choice (plus arrows if you choose a bow), and a few golden coins of strange design (worth 1d4 × 10 cyphers in total) that lay a curse upon any mortal who possesses them.

Halflings
3
Escaped slave: You have a chainmail shirt (light armour), a club, a crowbar, a donkey or a horse, a key, manacles, a map you can’t read, a sack, your favoured weapon (with ammunition, if necessary), and jewellery worth 1d6 × 10 cyphers, all stolen.

4-5
Vagrant: You have 50 feet of rope, an axe, a dozen pieces of chalk, a shield, and a large cheese wrapped in butcher’s paper tucked away in 
a shoulderbag.

6-8
Peasant clan: You have 6 torches, a backpack, a bottle of wine, a tinderbox, and 1d6 cyphers worth of small coins.

9-10
Worker: You have a leather jerkin (light armour), a metal helmet, a pick, your favoured weapon (but no bolts or arrows), a week’s worth of salted beef, and a set of tools for the profession of your choice.

11-12
Merchant: You have 2 flasks of oil, 50 feet of rope, a club, a dozen iron spikes, a lantern, a pipe and some weed, a small hammer, a waterskin, and 3d6 cyphers worth of small coins.

13-15
Warrior class: You have 2 handfuls of caltrops, a couple rolls of bandages, a dagger, light armour in your choice of style, a metal helmet, a shield, your favoured weapon (with ammunition, if necessary), and a tabard or banner with a coat of arms on it.

16-17
Noble: You have fancy clothes, a signet ring, 2d6 cyphers worth of small coins, and a scroll with 2 random spells on it.

18
Royal blood: You have 4 wooden stakes, some garlic, a hand mirror, a mallet, a single-person tent (sized for two halflings, obviously), your favoured weapon (with ammunition, if necessary), and the sworn affidavit of someone who witnessed a vampire attack.


Random Wizard Equipment
This roll also determines your social class.
3
You have fancy clothes that are stolen and bloodied, 50 feet of silk rope with a 50/50 chance of a grappling hook on the end of it, a bottle of something or other, a dagger, a diary or journal (is it yours or someone else’s?), a hooded cloak, a jumbled memory, and the face of a well-known slave… of the sultan.

4
You have a blank notebook and a bottle of ink (but no quills), a handful of fake gemstones, a set of tools for the low-class occupation of your choice, and a bottle of cheap moonshine liquor.

5
You have 1d6 doses of antitoxin, 1d6 throwing knives, a club, a crowbar, a dozen candles and some matches, a handful of caltrops, a sledgehammer, a small mirror, thieves’ tools, and a few symbolic implements of a cult you don’t belong to.

6
You have an animal trap, a chainmail shirt (light armour), a fake hand of glory, a wanted poster you tore off a signpost, and 1 of the following:
1d6 vials of acid hidden inside a taxidermied animal.
2 shot glasses and a bottle of poor-quality spirits you happen to like.
A bronze knife and a sealed clay jar, stolen from another wizard.

7
You have 1 week worth of food, 1d6 doses of drugs (your choice what type), a bedroll, a compass, a lantern and 1 flask of oil for it, a mace, a necklace worth 10c, and a lock of hair from a little boy.

8
You have a book of poetry, climbing gear, a dozen pieces of chalk, a dagger, a dozen torches, a hand mirror, the musical instrument of your choice, a tinderbox, a vial of holy water, and eyes as black as night now.

9
You have a dubious university degree, a jar of glowing insects, lots of tattoos, a purse with 25 cyphers worth of foreign coins in it, a weird mask, and the enmity of your mentor.

10
You have a backpack, a bottle of wine, the close combat weapon of your choice, a living plant, a spare change of clothes, a whistle, and a random spell you have not mastered lodged in your memory.

11
You have a backpack, the close combat weapon of your choice, a vial of perfume, and 1 of the following:
Brightly-coloured hair and a silk fan that matches.
A flask of vinegar, some smelling salts, and a trepanation drill.
A letter of introduction to a local noble.
A small memento of your brother.

12
You have a monogrammed silk handkerchief, a metal helmet that you wrap your keffiyeh around, a short bow, a quiver with 2 dozen arrows in it, a vial of powder that creates brightly-coloured smoke when burned, and a single piece of art, you say what.

13
You have a bedroll, clothes in need of mending, a deck of cards, a dog, 
an empty wineskin, paints and brushes, unkempt hair, a walking stick, 
and the inescapable knowledge that your parents are deeply, deeply ashamed of you.

14
You have finely-tailored light armour, a healing potion that will restore 1d8 points of lost Health and allow you to re-roll your Disposition when drunk, a shoulderbag containing 1d6 letters that you find hard to read and 2 books (on the subjects of your choice), a sword, and 1 nightmare curse.

15
You have 2 dozen bullets and a powder horn, a hand-drawn map, a lantern and a flask of oil for it, a pistol, and several photographs of dead bodies.

16
You have a birthmark, a legitimate hand of glory, a random hireling, a set of writing tools, a spyglass, a sword, and an easy familiarity with both the cultured speech of nobles and the rough dialects of your family’s peasants.

17
You have 1d6 useless baubles or trinkets of your choice, several impressive scars, a shoulderbag, a whisper torch, and a gruesome story about the doom that befell your noble house.

18
You have 1d6 books about a variety of confusing subjects, a signet ring, a small riding horse with a comfortable saddle and sturdy saddlebags, and a songbird in a cage.

And probably more, depending on your profession:
If you are an avatar or a cultist, you also have 1 item symbolic of your cult or patron. You and the GM decide together what that item is.
If you are a bard, you also have a musical instrument, if you want one.
If you have mastered spells, you also have a spellbook that reflects your personality (with full spell formulas or synecdoches of your spells, your choice).

